The three of us were talking earlier. What is the difference
between an illegal download and a legitimate download?
I see. You were curious about downloading.
Have you ever read the Copyright Law?
I have read some of it. I’m not confident, though.
No. I’ve never read it.
I haven’t seen much.
Laws usually have a written purpose at the beginning.
Let’s take a look at Article 1 of the Copyright Law.
This Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to works and performances,
phonograms, broadcasts, and wire broadcasts.
The purpose of this Act is to provide for authors’ rights
and neighboring rights with respect to works,
as well as with respect to performances, phonograms, broadcasts,
and cablecasts, and to ensure protection for the rights of authors
and other such persons while according attention to the fair exploitation
of these cultural products, and thereby to contribute to cultural development.
Here, there are the phrases
“attention to the fair exploitation of these cultural products”
and “protection for the rights of authors and other.”
That is, the Copyright Law considers cultural development in terms of
exploiting and protecting the rights of those who created it.
Is it fair exploitation...?
An illegal recording in a movie theater, for example,
is certainly not fair exploitation,
so, it makes sense that it should be banned.
Right?　For example, if it were a movie, the writer, director, actors, etc.,
are working together to create a work of art, right?
They’re all professionals who make a living off the sales of their films.
That’s why they can create great works.
But if pirated copies are widely available and used without permission,
It would be impossible for those people to make a living.
We won’t be able to enjoy the next film either!
It’s a shame if we cannot watch our favorite movies
because of unscrupulous people who pirate them.
That’s right. Nowadays, anyone can use text, music,
photos and videos, on their smartphone or computer,
and you can make good quality copies using digital technology.
And it doesn’t cost much to make copies.
If you take something physical that belongs to someone else,
the goods will not belong to the owner.
However, the difference is that copyrighted works are
information that anyone can copy and use.
Yes. So, reproduction rights, etc., should be appropriately defined
by law and we need to protect authors’ rights.
Copyright means the right to reproduce.
The programming software that you instructed us to use in class
is free of charge. Isn’t that a copyrighted work?
Of course, it’s a copyrighted work.
Article 2 of the Copyright Law defines copyrighted work.
It is “a creatively produced expression of thoughts or sentiments
that falls within the literary, academic, artistic, or musical domain.”
For example, Article 10 says
“works of computer programming” are also copyrighted.
So, software is treated the same way as copyrighted work.
Even though the software we are assigned to use in class
is sophisticated, why is it free?
It concerns who the author is
and how they want the work to be used.
Companies and engineers develop software
because they need it,
and some software is of higher quality
if the source code is available to the public.
Many people are involved in the development
and use of the software.
Such software is called open-source software.
I see. But the engineers have to make a living, too.
What is the difference between this and a movie?
The company is paid by other companies to develop software
and pay the engineers.
Still, I believe they also release software developed for their use,
and the engineers are involved in improving the software
released to the public.
However, even the ones that are publicly available have terms of use.
It would be best if you were required to agree to the terms of use.
For example, you can use it, but we don’t guarantee
its performance or quality, or
If you make an improved version, you must make it available
for free under the same terms and conditions,
and so on.
You need to check the terms of use carefully.
Is it the same thing for the teacher’s class materials,
which are also made available to the public?
Yes. The university also pays me,
and I am making this material available to the public
because I am making it available
for students to use in their classes.
However, I am careful about using
other people’s copyrighted materials
in my materials because there are conditions.
Copyright Law protects authors’ rights to copyrighted works.
Still, a wide range of rights can be exercised depending on
who the author is and how they want their works to be used.
This is fundamental to understanding the Copyright Law.
It depends on the author’s policy!
Thank you.